Well, the time has come to stop the announcements. This video was a lot of fun to make, and I hope you enjoyed it.
Next year, I'm going to be moving on to high school (I'm not sure which one I'm going to go to yet), so I won't be able to do announcements.
So here's what we're going to do: Next year, someone else will take my place as being in charge of announcements. I don't know who it will be yet, but whoever it is will learn how to do the announcements.

Now, let's go back, and explain how this all started.
It started in June 2017 when the school-year was winding down, and summer was just on the horizon. At the time, I was running a gaming YouTube channel that was booming at the time (back then, I was close to 1,000 subscribers) that I won't name so fans of the channel don't find out about my real name or other personal information about me.
I had experience with recording and livestreaming videos, so I was thinking of signing up for announcements. I hesitated at first, but on the last day of school, I forgot to talk to Ms. Hendry about it. "Oh well," I thought.
Then, about three months later, September came around, and school came with it. When I heard about a sign up sheet in the office for the announcements, I decided to sign up. Back in the beginning, we just recited the announcements over the speakers of the school.
We did it over the speakers because during the previous years, the announcements were broadcast live over a service called MediaCast, and it became a pre-recorded video format in December 2016 when MediaCast stopped working.
So, we didn't switch over to a pre-recorded format until October 15th, 2017. In the beginning, I was quiet and nervous. Mr. Y encouraged me to speak up and talk louder. If it wasn't for him, I would probably be the same shy, quiet person I was in the beginning.
And then, it just took off from there. It just snowballed and got bigger. There's a lot of things I had planned for the Announcements that I never had the chance to do, so hopefully Mr. Y and whoever else is doing them next year will be able to explore these ideas and
make the announcements better than I ever would have been able to make it.

Now there's some people I'd like to give a special thanks to (in no particular order):
I'd like to thank Mr. Yestrepsky for being there to help me with the announcements, and other things I'm working on in school. You're a nice person to be around and I have no doubt you'll do great things some day.
And thank you, Emily, Gabby, Emily Dawe, Daphney, and everyone else who was a reporter for the Announcements. It was fun to make videos with all of you, and I wish you good luck next year.
Thank you to Ms. Shammami, Ms. Greenblatt, and everyone else who participated in the world culture month for announcements. Unfortunately, not all you made it into a video due to technical difficulties, but I'd like to thank you all for the hard work you've done for those videos.
I'd also like to thank my friends for being good friends and being supportive. You know who you are. :)
And finally, I'd like to thank the rest of staff at Carter for their kindness to all of us. We are very grateful for the hard work you do every day for this school, and we appreciate having you here.

I work on a lot of other projects outside of the announcements, such as the aforementioned gaming channel and a lot of other things. If you'd like to follow the things that I make, I have a YouTube channel dedicated to showing some of my random projects to the world: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAS2sJbp8nnDcS5S4RBn6Ug
I will be reuploading some old projects that were on the Announcements channel onto here soon, and I will also be revealing some new things I'm working on as well.

Thank you so much for everything. I'll never forget my days at Carter for the rest of my life. It was fun while it lasted, but all good things must come to an end eventually.

If you have any opportunity to do something that you want to do, grab that opportunity hard and don't let go. Because if I just didn't sign up at the beginning of the year like I almost did, this school year would have been drastically different, and I would have made a big mistake. Don't let an opportunity to do something you love drift by, otherwise your life would have so much fun and potential wasted.

--Frank Fantin